= orange-flickr

Includes snippets for pulling in Flickr photo galleries given an authentication token. You'll need a some info to use it:

First, go register to create a new Flickr app here so you can have your own API keys with their own limits: 

   http://www.flickr.com/services/apps/create/apply

Next, use the following script to get an auth-token from a specific user (fill in your API key and Shared secret first):

   http://gist.github.com/535968

The auth token you get will allow you to pull in the galleries of the particular user you've logged in as.

With the api key, shared secret and auth token, you will be ready to use this plugin. Set these options in the config.yml or in the config.ru:

   * "flickr_api_key"
   * "flickr_secret"
   * "flickr_auth_token"

At this time there is no way to set an orange site to be able to work with multiple auth tokens, or to get the auth tokens in an easier way. We'll try to get to this soon.

Flickr Photosets are pulled in using yoxview, which is an MIT-licensed jQuery slideshow plugin. Learn more here:

http://www.yoxigen.com/yoxview/

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 David Haslem. See LICENSE for details.
